#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\fancyhf{}               % Clear fancy header/footer
\fancyfoot[L]{My name}   % My name in Left footer
\fancyfoot[R]{\thepage}  % Page number in Right footer
\makeatletter
\let\ps@plain\ps@fancy   % Plain page style = fancy page style
\makeatother
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2.8cm
\topmargin 2.8cm
\rightmargin 2.8cm
\bottommargin 2.8cm
\headheight 2.8cm
\headsep 2.8cm
\footskip 2.8cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle fancy
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
begin{titlepage}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Title
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
end{titlepage}
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset ERT
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout


\backslash
pagenumbering{roman} 
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
\begin_inset CommandInset toc
LatexCommand tableofcontents

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the past five years, researchers have become increasingly interested
 in the applications of data gathered from social media.
 The uses of such data varies greatly, and so does the results.
 Under ideal circumstances social media data is, by some, thought to have
 the capacity to serve as distorted data mileu for ongoing discussions on
 various topics - a source of public opinion and intention, which can be
 tapped into.
 An impressive amount of approaches and techniques have been tried out on
 different types of social media data within many fields of study.
 An ongoing discussion on the topic of social media data is whether are
 the limitations on insight derived, whether scientists are yet able to
 harness the majority of avaialble data - and if they ever will; the amount
 of data noise has increased as the usage of social media has.
 An obvious trade-off lies herein.
 As much as any one interested in measuring a representative public opinion
 on social media wants to have a broad demography, i.e.
 users of all types, they also have to cope with ever more noisy data.
 One way to analyze social media data is to conduct sentiment analysis.
 Sentiment analysis is broadly speaking, the analysis of text; 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

looking
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 for specific words and weighing sentences based on the occurence/frequency
 of the pre-defined words.
 Whilst this approach has provided some researchers with useful results,
 the technique is time-demanding and may lead to biases if important words
 are omitted, wrongfully wieghed or the discourse of sentences is used different
ly by demographics; the use of e.g.
 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

#VoteTrump
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 may be used ironically by liberals in the U.S.
 Filtering these effects would be a comlicated endeavour.
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

At the core of this empirical analysis are....
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Data 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In gathering data, crucial decisions have been made in order to fetch, eliminate
, aggregate and coerce spatial data gathered from various sources into a
 workable frame.
 This section explains methodology and discusses advantages and shortcomings
 of approach.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
